docs: add OIDC guides for Okta and Keycloak (#786)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/administration/sso/oidc.md

<hint-block type="info">

1. Please make sure the [`--external-url`](/docs/get-started/install/external-url) is configured correctly for the Bytebase instance.
   
   If your start Bytebase with `--external-url https://bytebase.example.com`, then your application redirect URL should be `https://bytebase.example.com/oidc/callback`.

> 2. If you're unsure about the **Issuer** of your IdP, you can always use the [OpenID Connect Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) endpoint to find the correct value, e.g. `https://dev-10086.okta.com/.well-known/openid-configuration`.

Reviewer: acme.okta.com ?

provided that acme represents the tenant?

> 2. If you're unsure about the **Issuer** of your IdP, you can always use the [OpenID Connect Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) endpoint to find the correct value, e.g. `https://dev-10086.okta.com/.well-known/openid-configuration`.

Author: ```suggestion
2. If you're unsure about the **Issuer** of your IdP, you can always use the [OpenID Connect Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) endpoint to find the correct value, e.g. `https://acme.okta.com/.well-known/openid-configuration`.
```

   - **Name**: `Okta`
   - **Resource ID**: `okta`
   - **Domain**: `acme.okta.com`
   - **Issuer**: `https://acme.okta.com`
   - **Client ID**: the client ID of your application
   - **Client secret**: the client secret of your application
   - **Identifier**: `preferred_username`
   - **Display name**: `name`
   - **Email**: `email`

### Keycloak

1. Follow the Keycloak [create OIDC provider documentation](https://www.keycloak.org/docs/latest/server_admin/#assembly-managing-clients_server_administration_guide) to create a new "OpenID Connect" client.
   1. Configure the **Client ID** to be `bytebase`.
   1. Configure the **Valid redirect URIs** to be `{EXTERNAL_URL}/oidc/callback`.
   1. Turn on the **Capability config > Client authentication** for the **Credentials** tab to be available (which will generate and display the client secret).
      1. In some older versions, configure **Access Type** to "confidential" instead.
1. In Bytebase, go to **Settings > SSO** to create a new OIDC provider (all values are examples):
   - **Name**: `Keycloak`
   - **Resource ID**: `keycloak`
   - **Domain**: `keycloak.acme.com`

>    - **Issuer**: `https://bytebase.okta.com/auth/realms/master`

Author: ```suggestion
   - **Issuer**: `https://acme.okta.com/auth/realms/master`
```

</hint-block>

### Okta

1. Follow the Okta [create OIDC app integrations documentation](https://help.okta.com/en-us/Content/Topics/Apps/Apps_App_Integration_Wizard_OIDC.htm) to create a new OIDC app integration with "Web Application" as the **Application type**.
1. Configure the **Sign-in redirect URIs** to be `{EXTERNAL_URL}/oidc/callback`.
1. In Bytebase, go to **Settings > SSO** to create a new OIDC provider (all values are examples):
   - **Name**: `Okta`
   - **Resource ID**: `okta`

>    - **Domain**: `bytebase.okta.com`

Reviewer: I may choose acme, same for the keycloak

>    - **Domain**: `bytebase.okta.com`

Reviewer: I may choose acme.okta.com, same for the keycloak

Author: Updated!
